Blogpost/artifactory gcp (#2)
ystia/ystia.github.io: _posts/2019-01-15-jfrog.md

But today we want to focus on [JFrog](https://jfrog.com) products.

A year ago we open sourced Ystia Orchestrator (Yorc) and Ystia Forge.
We chose Travis CI to build our development and release artifacts. But Travis is not designed to store build artifacts.
By looking for a way to store these artifacts we found that JFrog offers [Bintray](https://bintray.com) account free of charge for open source projects.
Creating a Bintray account is as simple as signing in with GitHub and importing your project or organization from GitHub.

So, for a year or so we used Bintray to store our CI build artifacts. As Bintray is designed to serve release artifacts we experienced some
difficulties. After our second time being rate-limited due to disk quota overuse (mainly due to the number docker images we built),
JFrog guys got in touch with us with good news: they offer [Artifactory Pro](https://jfrog.com/artifactory) accounts hosted on GCP for selected open source projects.

> While we knew Artifactory and were convinced that it is one of the best solution around to manage artifacts, we didn't consider it yet for two reasons. First we needed to manage Docker images artifacts, which are not supported on the open source version of Artifactory. And secondly, as an open source community we do not have infrastructures to host such products in a community-open way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While we knew Artifactory, and were convinced that it is one of the best solutions around to manage artifacts, we didn't consider it yet for two reasons. First we needed to manage Docker image artifacts, which are not supported on the open source version of Artifactory. And secondly, as an open source community we do not have infrastructures to host such products in a community-open way.
```

We didn't hear about this program, so JFrog email sounded just like a christmas gift in this 20th of december!

> We filled-up [the application form](https://jfrog.com/artifactory/saas-gcp/) and few minutes after doing this an instance was live on GCP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We filled-up [the application form](https://jfrog.com/artifactory/saas-gcp/) and few minutes after doing this an instance was alive in GCP.
```
